After playing games like Oregon Trail on the school Apple IIe computers as a kid in the mid 1980s I just had to know how they made this stuff. I started reading about programming. My first programs, in BASIC, were written in pencil in a spiral notebook and later typed in at the public library. Within a few years I had learned Pascal and a little bit of assembly.

The Apple II line went extinct and I didn't have the perspective to understand what in my skills was still useful. PCs were advancing too fast to keep up with. My family had a IIGS by this time and an IBM PS/2 for business use but they couldn't afford to be buying another computer every year. So I got out of the code game and threw myself into music. Band was pretty much the only reason I bothered to show up to high school.

I tried going to college to be a composer but ended up discovering and being corrupted by the Internet. I dropped out, then made zines and played in a bunch of weird lo-fi/punk/noise bands for a few years and lived that dirtbag life. The only kind of job I could manage to hold down long-term was delivering pizza. After a while I got married and lived in a trailer park.

A friend who had found his way into IT encouraged me to get back into computers. I enrolled in one of those colleges that used to advertise on the Maury show. By graduation I realized that software development was my calling but I was going to need a Bachelors degree to be taken seriously as a job candidate. Eventually, at the age of 30, I got one. I'd made a point to study Computer Science foundations and theory over specific technologies, so that I'd have an underlying basis of understanding to enable me to learn and move with changing technology. I was not going to let myself become obsolete again.

After getting laid off from the only cool tech startup in Black Hawk County, I moved to Des Moines. I been out here grindin ever since. I've been called a unicorn and a Swiss army knife and a whole lot of other complimentary things I'm weirdly uncomfortable with.

I've got struggles and opinions and eccentricities and I find it soul-crushing to pretend otherwise (and believe me I have tried for many years). If you can't handle that, we might not get along. Don't let that dissuade you from giving us a chance though.
